these soldiers have been destroying
workplaces breaking down doors and
detaining people in the middle of the
night but this isn't Gaza this is the
West Bank a Palestinian territory
occupied by Israel and this is content
posted publicly on social media by
soldiers in the Israeli Army we've
tracked and analyzed more than 45 pieces
of footage by 11 soldiers operating in
the West Bank legal experts say the
filming of detainees and posting such
videos may be a war crime one former
Israeli soldier told us the culture in
the military when it comes to
Palestinians is that they are only
targets they are not human beings and we
are allowed to do whatever we want to
them the Israeli Army told us they would
take action following a previous BBC
verify investigation into the conduct of
soldiers in Gaza now they say that in
the event of unacceptable Behavior
soldiers were disciplined and even
suspended from reserve duty but photos
and videos are still being shared on
social media